README.md, before:

# Instagraph
> Social graph network of your Instagram account.

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph/raw/master/resources/screenshot.png"></p>

### Installation (recommended)

```
$ # If you have Golang on your computer.
$ go get -u github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph
```

### Build

```
$ git clone https://github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph
$ cd instagraph
$ go build -i -o instagraph
$ ./instagraph -username="" -password=""
```

##### Parameters

1. **username**: Username of your Instagram account.
2. **password**: Password of your Instagram account.
3. **limit**: Limit of users in first depth scan of your followings.
4. **delay**: Sleep time between each user scan.
5. **users-limit**: Maximum number of users in each followings scan request.

##### Warning

Please make sure that the `<username>.json` is in the safe place. It's your login information of your Instagram.

### Docker

```
$ docker pull ahmdrz/instagraph:latest
$ docker run -e INSTA_USERNAME="" -e INSTA_PASSWORD="" -p 8080:8080 ahmdrz/instagraph:latest
```

---

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ahmdrz/instagraph/master/resources/screenshot2.png"></p>

---

Powered with :heart: by `sigma.js` and `ahmdrz/goinsta`.

Commit message:

Update README.md with a notice
Added a note about user should wait till see `listening` message

README.md, after:

# Instagraph
> Social graph network of your Instagram account.

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph/raw/master/resources/screenshot.png"></p>

### Installation (recommended)

```
$ # If you have Golang on your computer.
$ go get -u github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph
```

### Build

```
$ git clone https://github.com/ahmdrz/instagraph
$ cd instagraph
$ go build -i -o instagraph
$ ./instagraph -username="" -password=""
```

##### Parameters

1. **username**: Username of your Instagram account.
2. **password**: Password of your Instagram account.
3. **limit**: Limit of users in first depth scan of your followings.
4. **delay**: Sleep time between each user scan.
5. **users-limit**: Maximum number of users in each followings scan request.

##### Warning

Please make sure that the `<username>.json` is in the safe place. It's your login information of your Instagram.

### Docker

```
$ docker pull ahmdrz/instagraph:latest
$ docker run -e INSTA_USERNAME="" -e INSTA_PASSWORD="" -p 8080:8080 ahmdrz/instagraph:latest
```

##### Note

Please wait for scanning proccess to be finished and you see `Listening to 0.0.0.0:8080` message then open browser.

---

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ahmdrz/instagraph/master/resources/screenshot2.png"></p>

---

Powered with :heart: by `sigma.js` and `ahmdrz/goinsta`.
